episodes of Ren and Stimpy and as a Chihuahua I must protest. They depict
Chihuahuas as high-strung and lacking in moral fiber. Chihuahuas are calm, faithful
house pets. Is there a new episode about Ren going for a nice walk? No! The
preceding editorial does not necessarily represent the opinion of Nickelodeon
in fact it doesn't. What's the new Ren and Stimpy's on Nickelodeon?
Hope for you boy. I can hardly wait for my Kellogg's Froot Moops. It's at yourself.
I love that orange lemon cherry lime and berry flavor too!
As you get more you'll just have to follow your nose.
Kellogg's Froot Loops cereal with berry purple. A delicious part of this complete breakfast.
Don't forget that.
Now the magic of Aladdin is yours with one of four magic Aladdin color-changing spoons
one free and Kellogg's Froot Loops.
If kids like me ran the world I'd win the McWorld Sweepstakes every time.
That way I'd always be getting cool prizes. Cool. Cool. And going on awesome trips.
Final board. They could happen.
Passengers please prepare for further details.
There's three CD players.
If you win the McWorld Sweepstakes you'll get a ton of Sony stuff.
A shot of radio. Sorry Dad.
Kids 8 to 13 can write in or enter free at McDonald's.
Runners up win CD boomboxes. Runners up win CD boomboxes. Many will enter.
32 inch trinitron. Cool. Where are you going to sleep?
I have no idea.
The excitement of real arcade basketball is yours with Electronic Hot Shot Basketball.
Challenge yourself for an opponent.
Hot Shot's the only game with a motorized moving backboard.
With electronic game sounds and digital scoreboard.
Milton Bradley's Electronic Hot Shot Basketball.
Lego Technic. After you make it, make it move.
Pistons that pump. Gears that'll get you going.
Motors that muscle up. And blades that'll blow you away.
Technically speaking it'll turn you on.
The Lego Technic Collection. Each set sold separately.
Batteries not included.
No other night. Tonight. No other place.
Here. No way to stop it.
Snick, Snick, Snick.
You are now. Snick, you are now. Snick, you are now. Snick in.
Would you want to grow up here? I have to. I'm Alex Mack.
I was just another average kid until my first day of junior high.
One minute I'm walking home.
The next there's a crash and I'm drenched in some weird chemical.
And since then, nothing's been the same. It's cool.
And my sister Annie thinks I'm a science project.
I can't let anyone else find out. Not even my parents.
I know the chemical plant wants to find me and turn me into some experiment.
But you know something? I guess I'm not so average anymore.
Career day? I'm only 13. How am I supposed to know what I want to do with the rest of my life?
You're not. This isn't even about choosing a career.
It's about a corporation trying to determine the direction of the rest of your life.
I think it's a good idea. They're just mad because they drafted.
Recruit Wilson, Paradise Plant Police. A member of the plant's finest.
I have to memorize this whole booklet by tomorrow.
You think you're upset? Tomorrow I become Plant Safety Administrator.
Someone is going to get hurt.
I think I'm going to love the job they gave me.
Come on, Alex. You're not concentrating.
Excuse me if turning on a blender isn't exactly how I want to spend my last moments on earth.
I don't understand how you can't manage to stay away from the chemical plant.
You know how dangerous it is for you?
It's not my fault. It's because the plant controls the school.
It controls the whole town.
Anyways, it's probably just another one of mom's PR schemes to make Danielle look good.
Mom hasn't mentioned it.
Anyways, I have to go. I even made the mistake of asking if I could work with dad and research
and development. I'm just going to disappoint him again.
Well, do your best. Maybe you have a future in science that hasn't quite developed yet.
Yeah, right.
Okay. Look. Well, just be careful because you're going to be on their turf and you're going to be
completely vulnerable and defenseless. Okay, so maybe defenseless wasn't the right word.
But be careful and don't be a show-off.
Hey, how are you? How's everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Working at Paradise Valley Chemical
Plant will change your life as it has mine. The chemicals that you produce here are
poisoning the earth and will one day make it completely uninhabitable. Thank you.
She's right. I hope you're happy.
Very happy. Thanks for asking. Thank you. Bye. Nice to see you. Hi.
Welcome. Great to see you. I hope you come back again. Thanks for coming.
Vince, I love children. I love children.
I know that.
What about the children who called in sick today?
They're under investigation.
Vince, when we find the child, the rewards will far outweigh your efforts.
A successful mission for you is rewarding of Miss Saitron and thank you for participating.
Anything to help the cause? Ready to go to work, Miss Saitron?
So, Miss Mack, have you detected a pattern yet?
Definitely.
That's great, Alex. What do you see?
That if you fold this computer paper the wrong way, it makes a huge mess.
Alex, are you bored already?
No, Dad. Not at all.
Well, now it really gets interesting. We're going to set up an experiment
where we add this compound to these test tubes, heat them, observe and record the results.
That compound goes in those test tubes and then you heat them?
Exactly. I know the experiment may be a little complicated for you,
but when I'm done here, you can help me chart my results.
We use colors and everything.
I'm going to go get a soda. You want one?
Well, I'll be right back. Then we'll get started.
Too complicated for me?
We'll see about that.
Are you going to ask me about everything here?
Yes.
I don't have time for this today.
These are safety goggles.
Planned employees are required to wear them to protect their eyes.
From what? Adult pencil?
For your information, these goggles were designed by scientists at NASA.
Behind them, your eyes are safe from the sharpest number two pencil.
They're the most violent chemical explosion.
But then who needs eyes when your head's been blown off?
I mean, a gas leak here, a spill there, this place could go up like a matchbox.
Santa, is that gun recruit?
Who can give me the numerical code for a forced entry?
Wilson?
$4.99 or so.
Very good recruit. How about a chemical spill?
Environmentally threatening?
Never recruit.
$1.29 or so.
False alarm.
$3.59.
Smoke condition.
$6.59.
Mad dog.
$2.89.
Addendum D.
Sir.
Very good, recruit. Get back in line.
Alex, you did that already?
By yourself? That's wonderful.
Dad, I'm sorry. I'll go get some paper towels.
That's okay. I'll just call the custodian.
No, really. It was my fault. I'll be right back.
You realize that today isn't really career day, right?
No. No. We're here making surveillance tapes of all the kids here.
Later, we're gonna watch them.
Maybe our problem child will show himself by doing something unusual in front of the cameras.
Well, maybe you'll finally recognize him.
I'll do my best, friends.
Ah, well, now I can relax.
Either way, it all ends here.
The game is over.
Today, the chemical kid pays the piper.
I've got big ideas for this place, Danielle.
Oh, may I call you, Danielle?
No, you may not.
Excuse me.
What do you think you're talking to, my friend?
Plant dress code.
Your shoes could be shine. Your hair could be cut.
And you could probably iron your uniform a little bit better.
Miss Atron, this child's for real?
I'm afraid he's right. Consider this your final warning.
Yes, Miss Atron.
So watch where you're going. Are you okay, Danielle?
Are you okay, Miss Atron?
I'm fine, but she looks like she could use your help, Mr. Alifaira.
That's all for r-
Danielle?
We're like this.
Ray, I have to tell you something.
I'm really digging this CEO stuff.
It's definitely a job of perks, sir.
I have a huge desk. Come on, I'll show you. Come on, stop.
Ray!
I'll need to take a sample and get it to the lab.
The entire room might be contaminated.
Do you know what this stuffed us to a tooth when left in overnight?
I say we evacuate.
I have a feeling we should be very careful here.
Mr. Mack, you'll have to evacuate the office until the results come back.
It's just soda, Hedwig.
Let the experts be the judge of that, Mr. Mack.
One day, this will all be mine.
Listening to me.
Come into my office, Vince.
I need to get away from that El Dorado kid they stuck me with.
You can cross avocado off the list,
unless GC-161 makes you terribly annoying.
There's nothing extraordinary about that, kid.
I'll screen the tapes from sector C&D tonight,
accounting through research and development.
Is there a problem with your chair, Ms. Atron?
I hate it when it won't roll.
Let me take a look at that for you.
Vince, that won't be necessary.
Ms. Atron is here with me.
Uh-huh, I'll let her know.
Seems as though we have a situation in human resources.
I'll radio maintenance about your chair later.
Yeah, she thinks I'm annoying.
No, they're taping us.
That's what I've been trying to tell you.
So what?
It's not like you're dumb enough to use your powers in here.
With more Alex Mac.
Thomas, the cheeky fussy little tank engine
and espouse from Shining Time Station,
could be rolling down the track at your house now.
From the island of Sodor,
there's Spice the Young Mavis,
Classy Daisy, and mischievous Bill and Ben.
Better watch out for those two.
Now, Urtle has a whole world of Thomas toys,
including four colorful adventures
from shipyard to construction site.
Follow the track and see where it leads you.
Shining Time Station's Thomas the Tank Engine.
From Urtle.
Well, beads let you create the hottest accessories.
Just cut, wrap, roll, groove.
Beautiful beads, a whole new view.
Beautiful beads comes with everything you see here.
Re-fill so separately.
Wienerville is moving to mornings.
Morning! I hate mornings!
That's right.
Now you can wake up to Wienerville.
Weekday mornings at 8, 7 central.
No way! I don't get up before noon!
Join Dottie, Louie, Pops, Mark, Wiener,
along with Mr. Magoo and Boney.
Get outta here!
You can't help but wake up when Wienerville
moves to weekday mornings at 8, 7 central on Nick.
All right, but I better get coffee and doughnut!
Wienerville.
Have you kept your notes?
Now, back to Alex Mack.
We've been looking for you, young lady.
You have?
Lights!
Wilson, what are we looking at?
We're looking at a violation of code 144.3 paragraph 2,
standing on unbolted office furniture.
Are you gonna get down off that chair?
Or am I gonna have to come and get you?
Come on, Alex. Get down.
Make a hole!
Oh, wait. That's it?
It was your first violation, and you've received a warning.
Vince is strict, but he's fair.
Okay, it looks like the loading dock
is the best way in the plant.
Are you serious?
You have a better idea?
It does seem dangerous.
I'm really disappointed in Danny.
I can't believe she'll pull something like that.
Danny?
Alex, you're the one I can't believe.
Right, I'm sorry.
I just wanted to impress Dad.
Well, getting the videotape back from Vince
ought to be the most impressive thing
you've ever done in your entire life.
Don't forget to unlock the kitchen doors.
And don't be late.
I wouldn't be movies without popcorn.
As usual, Dave, you're confused.
We're not watching movies.
No, we're trying to find the kid
that you spilled the chemical on.
You've never forgiven me for that, have you?
Synchronized.
Ready? Ready.
Let's move out.
Did you get the information from Nicole we needed?
I did better than that.
I convinced her to let me Vince's
infrared night vision goggles
so we can see in the dark if we have to.
It helps to know people in high places.
How are we going to get past this guy?
No problem.
I got the scoop on him.
Nicole says he's impossible to get by.
Except between 7 30 and 8 p.m.
It's his favorite TV show.
Let's get ready to move.
Move out.
Looks like you're up, Alex.
We get past these guys and we're in.
Roger, top dog.
This is big man, do you got me?
Dave, if you can't pay attention,
I'm going to have to take that away from you.
Sorry, Vince.
We don't know when they're going to get tears.
Hopefully sooner than later.
Alex, I can't see anything.
The sky's blocking the TV.
Rage it down.
George Mack.
He's a P.Y. 6.
Here, take these.
All right, I'm going in.
System failure.
Vince.
What's happening?
The power went out, Dave.
Everything's fine.
System failure.
It's a mountain.
Dave, calm down.
This is a chemical plant, not a nuclear reactor.
Now, where's the one talk?
I don't know.
I don't need your help.
I don't remember.
Well, where is it?
You were playing with it last.
Dave, sit out.
I'll stay out of my way.
I am sitting.
Bye, Mike.
I feel sorry for these guys.
This time, it won't play me.
It was someone else who put him in there.
I didn't do it.
I'm on this job 10 years.
Has anybody ever gotten by me before?
Have they?
We got to get out of here.
I think I know a way.
Hey, don't get defensive with me, Gino.
Just keep your eyes open.
I always do.
I don't like the implying that I don't.
I do my job better than any punk on your entire wimpy force.
And you know that.
Oh, you know, you're the best.
Except between the hours of 7.30 and 8 on weekdays, huh?
My one vice.
Beat me up over my one vice.
Just do your job, Gino.
I always do, Vince.
Alex, concentrate.
Let's move now.
Where are your girls coming from?
Video store.
I just want you to know how proud I am of you.
What are you talking about?
You know, on career day, it was great to have you around,
even for just one day.
I know how you feel about science,
and that you did it just to make me happy.
There's no big deal, Dad.
Actually, it was more exciting than I thought it was going to be.
You girls want to watch that tape down here?
I don't think so, Dad.
I don't think you're quite ready for it yet.
This is friendly, playful, terrifying.
Crom, short, happy-go-lucky, repulsive,
old, lean-up, smart, sensitive, ferocious.
They're all real monsters.
There's something missing.
Oh, yeah.
And the grumble.
Horrible, despicable, captivating.
They just love being me.
Watch all the real monsters Sunday mornings
at 11.10 central on Nica.
Lodion.
Can't get enough of that golden crisp.
Sugar bear, he'll never get my golden crisp serially.
The Wild West.
Howdy, Granny.
Sugar bear, sorry.
The golden crisp is mine.
Granny's making tracks,
but nothing comes between my tummy
and the honey-sweet crunch of golden crisps.
It's part of a complete breakfast.
Partner, lots more from the Sugar Bear store.
You can get a cool radio, water bottle, and more.
Free with proofs of purchase plus postage and handling.
Details on marked boxes of golden crisp cereal.
Stop, people doers.
Stretch Armstrong, I will destroy you.
Introducing Backman, Stretch Armstrong's arch enemy.
Use the super-sucking back bump
to turn him into a mutating monster.
Then stretch him to villainous proportions.
He stays that way until you press his cybernetic button,
but will this be the end of Stretch Armstrong?
Stay tuned.
Backman, Stretch Armstrong's arch enemy from Captain Toys.
Who else?
Are those video games in your pockets?
Because if they are, they go in the bumps.
New Pocket Arcade from Sega.
The only handheld games with flip-out screens.
So they're here, they're gone, and they're back.
Amazing Sonic with five games, 12 levels each.
This game is serious.
Eternal Champions with 30 fighting moves.
Sega Sports and more.
Sega!
Pocket Arcade, anything else, belongs in the box.
This is my dad.
And these are his new underpants.
The thing he loves most about opening a vacuum-sealed three-pack of Krebo the Loom
is the fact that some inspector made sure each pair meets government standards.
But not even my dad thinks about who that inspector might be.
Only in America, Joyce.
Who does?
Most people find those inspected by tags in their clothes and just toss them.
Not my brother Pete.
He started collecting tags ever since he noticed a weird pattern.
Every pair of underpants he ever got was approved by one inspector.
34, you did it again!
At first, he thought it was a coincidence.
But as he went day after day without binding, without chafing, in complete snugness,
he finally understood, Inspector 34 was really your guardian angel.
Strange as it sounded, Pete knew Inspector 34 was out there watching over him.
And as we were all about to learn, he was absolutely right.
They say that at first, no one believed in the theories of Christopher Columbus and Albert
Einstein. So I guess Pete was in pretty good company.
I don't care how snug they fit. You're nuts.
Guardian angel?
Get help.
It wasn't hard to think my brother was crazy.
Every day, he sent fan letters to Krebo the Loom to show Inspector 34 his appreciation.
And every night, he fired up his landing pad, hoping Inspector 34 would show.
To tell you the truth, I kind of figured Inspector 34 was just a man in a factory myself
until the next day. It began when me and Ellen were practicing for our school band,
the Fighting Squids. This year, instead of spelling squid, the band was forming a squid shape.
And we were auditioning together for the coveted part of the left tentacle.
What's that, Pete? After all those letters to the factory,
all I got were these lousy underpants.
Pete, urgent. Meet me Thursday night at 9 o'clock PM behind the Pine Disinfectant Plant.
Inspector 34?
He needs me.
Don't shake it. Twist the lid one quarter turn to the right.
The Krebstarr 9300 series has a defect in the positive battery terminal.
Pete Wrigley, I've watched you grow from a toddler three to a 14 regular.
Inspector 34!
I'm sorry to drag you out like this.
Name it.
What am I thinking? I can't ask this of you.
Wait! I know 24 knots, and I'm well trained in high explosives. Let me help.
It's not like that. The work I do is very important.
If I miss one flaw well, you know it's at stake.
And yet, sometimes I wonder, is there more to life than underpants?
Have I struggled so hard for perfection that life is passing me by?
You seem to know how to have fun, how to cut loose, as they say.
I was wondering, can you teach me?
Dad, this is a friend of mine. Inspector 34.
Inspector 34, yeah, and I am...
Don Wrigley, 37 stout down from 38.
That's right.
Joyce, the way you stay size six is an inspiration.
Pete, Ellen, you've grown so fast, it's hard to keep up.
You know us too?
I look after many people, but not many invite me to dinner.
Well, make yourself at home, Mr. Inspector.
It was pretty weird.
None of us had ever seen anyone eat so neatly.
Everything Inspector 34 did was perfect.
Look at that stacking.
That was delicious. I'll help clean up.
Well, thank you.
Don't touch that. Go get my camera.
Right, go.
Loose wood? Never good.
Inspector 34 showed us how perfect life could be.
Pete is going to show 34 how to live it.
This is Inspector 34.
You're real?
As real as your new Lou Costello boxer shorts, Clem.
Wow, how about a game of kick the can?
Me?
Sure thing.
Just close your eyes and count to 10 while we tear butt and kick the can.
What the hey?
Only if I might make a suggestion.
Perhaps the game would be more efficiently played in teams with boundaries.
Say the end of the yard.
Perhaps a set game time would streamline things.
Why don't we think of that?
I'm trained to catch defects before they become defeats.
Come on, Shatterheads. Let's play can.
Inspector 34 had jumped off the sideline.
Not only was he learning to live, he's learning to make life better.
Thanks to his amazing powers of perfection.
Maybe the best thing of all, he was finally beginning to learn that being perfect
didn't have to mean being alone.
I think technical sway, they don't waggle.
Trust me, I've seen him waggle in the movies.
What do you think, Inspector 34?
I think best friends ought to agree when it counts.
And you two should put your heads together and come up with something.
Pector 34.
You giving me so much more than I can ever repay.
This is so much better than underpants.
Don't mention it.
No.
I used to look at all the flaws in the world and I'd think if I could make one thing perfect.
And then I did.
Underpants.
But why set my sights so low?
I mean look at the problems with the oceans and that hole in the ozone.
I think I can help.
And I think you can too, Pete.
I want to teach you everything I know.
I want to make you an inspector like me.
And so the student became the teacher.
Instead of learning how to enjoy life, Inspector 34 was teaching Pete how to inspect it.
Before you can inspect anything, you have to first inspect yourself.
This might hurt.
While Pete began his inspector training, a funny thing was happening to the rest of us.
It was like we were trying to become more like 34.
More perfect.
And the things that weren't perfect, like my friendship with Ellen, suddenly began to matter.
We had all had a taste of perfection.
And now everything else tasted like chunky milk.
The adventures of Pete and Pete will be right back on Snack.
Problem of the geek? Please say no.
Excellent chance.
You go to the problem of the geek?
Okay, my turn.
Dwight, you could admire us.
Absolutely.
He knows everything.
Ask Xandar.
Raise your hand and he speaks.
Guess what he predicts in the winner gets the special fortune read.
You will get a phone call about this.
Ask Xandar the talking wizard game.
Definitely.
Now there's even more two-in-one marshmallows in here.
More?
Lots more marshmallows.
How'd you make so many?
Eat the word balance and find out.
Lots more flavor, lots more fun.
Now in every bowl, lots more two-in-one.
Excellent.
Marshmallow alphabet cereal.
Now with more marshmallows as part of this good breakfast.
Baby, see, delicious.
Yeah.
Scruffy Sam was king of the races
until a maniac lured in.
Lego Maniac!
Scruffy Sam was history
and the Lego Maniac made history.
Lego Maniac!
The Lego System Town collection each set sold separately.
Maniac not included.
It's series two of Magic Works.
No fail magic.
You can master in minutes.
A new bike, son.
Money doesn't appear out of thin air.
Yes, it does with double vision.
Three quarters, please.
I put the quarters into this ordinary holder.
Place in the mirror and magically.
Wow.
Four quarters.
Unbelievable.
That's impossible.
You're right.
That's magic.
Double vision.
One of six new tricks you can collect in series two of Magic Works.
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete as Snake continued.
Now that my brother Pete was on the road to perfection.
You're late.
He didn't have much time to spend with his friends.
After all, playing kick the can seemed dull compared to inspecting underpants.
Let's get started, people.
We're burning daylight.
Come on.
Working together, Pete figured he and 34 would perfect the world
and nothing could get in the way.
But he was wrong.
You're parking enforcement officer, Macmillan.
P.E.O. Mac, they call you.
Size eight, regular.
You're Inspector 34.
I see you're working.
When am I not?
Law enforcement is full-time work.
I misjudge one curb to car and the whole criminal justice system collapses.
I too bear a grim responsibility for the public good.
Sometimes it's pretty lonely.
Pete had seen that stupid look before.
On me.
He knew love could turn a normal man into loose, drippy jello.
I thought we were going to save the world.
We will.
I just made one date, that's all.
We're two professionals, meeting, professional.
Play a left sweep cooking label, fourth, button, backwards.
Not bad, but not perfect.
Let's try it again.
So Pete decided he had to hurry up and finish his training.
That way, he could go on and save the world alone.
But Pete wasn't the only one working round the clock.
My dad spent most nights scarfing chicken in search of the best way to stack bones.
Come on, my little femur.
Give me purchase.
While mom fixed the creek in the door, the stairs, the peppermill,
and even her creek fixing tools, now she was ready to take on the attic.
I'm going up.
Even Pete's friends made kick the can so efficient, they no longer had to play.
Instead, they calculated the probabilities of who would win.
Bye, game.
I'm Pete.
Let's call it a day.
And finally, the big day arrived.
Inspector 34 and P.E.O. Mack were going to have their big day.
But first, Pete was about to take his final and most grueling test.
Perfect.
I made it.
I'm an inspector.
Well, not quite yet, Pete.
There's one more thing.
You see, we inspectors hue to a stricter code than do civilians.
It's not enough to just pass a test.
You have to prove you're ready.
A real inspector will know how.
Well, I have a date.
Well, what about our mission?
I'll be back.
No, you won't.
If you don't get it right, we'll never make it, Ellen.
I was doing it right.
You're just too stubborn to admit it.
Maybe Inspector 34 was right.
Best friends are supposed to agree.
Well, maybe we shouldn't be best friends.
Yeah, well, maybe you're right.
While my lifelong friendship with Ellen was drifting away,
Inspector 34's life with P.E.O. Mack was just beginning.
Everything is perfect.
The sky, the grass, the barometric pressure, the turkey in Swiss.
I'm a great cook and a modest.
Oh, yes, funny.
What's the matter?
What is it?
You know, Mack, maybe this isn't such a good idea.
I mean, I've a very heavy workload.
It's not a good time for me to be dating.
I'm sorry, goodbye.
Effective in-scene, could cause chafing.
Inspector 34.
You were right.
Love can't interfere.
I'm needed.
We're needed.
We've got a job to do.
You passed.
You saw something I didn't see.
You inspected the situation and you saw that love was in the way.
That's the final test.
These are for you.
You'll have to fill in your name for now until we get you a number.
I made it.
I should have listened to you.
I don't need love.
I have my work.
That's what I love.
I came to you to see if there was more to life.
Now I know there is.
My mission.
Our mission.
That's all that matters.
Any distraction must be eliminated.
But...
No buts, buddy boy.
Time to get tough.
Day it's under pants.
Tomorrow.
The world.
Now that he had finally made it,
Pete could see what perfection was doing to all of us.
Including himself.
My brother Pete thought he and Inspector 34 were going to save mankind.
Now he had a new mission.
To save his friends and family from the icy grip of perfection.
And to rescue and save the world.
Inspector 34 from himself.
You know what you're doing.
He sure did.
My brother was wearing the defective underpants from his training.
Figuring it would attract 34 like a beacon.
And sure enough...
Pass these underpants for inspection.
What are you talking about?
Suppose this isn't your tag.
I say you've gone soft.
You're disgraced to your number.
You're not fit to inspect.
What are you doing?
You told me.
Before you can become an inspector, you have to prove yourself worthy.
I say you don't have the guts.
I taught you everything.
Now you challenge me.
I submit to inspection.
But when I pass, it'll be your turn.
There won't be enough left of you to wipe up with a...
Moisty nap.
Pete planned a series of brutal tests.
First, putting an ice tray in the freezer without spilling a drop.
Next, squeezing every molecule of toothpaste out of a tube.
All through the day, test after grueling test,
Inspector 34 was perfect.
That is snuck.
It seemed like nothing could stop him.
Well, is that all?
One more test.
Give me what you've got, then it's your turn.
Watch and learn.
The final test, table manners, with barbecue chicken.
One of the messiest foods known to man.
Inspector 34 was perfect, and it looked like Pete was meat.
Moisty nap?
Not necessary.
Then suddenly, it hit us like a truckload of underpants.
Moisty naps?
It's supposed to use your hands.
It just tastes better that way.
Barbecues are supposed to be messy.
Eating perfectly is imperfect.
You fail!
I'm supposed to be perfect.
What am I?
Wait!
You've won.
Before, we're not like underpants.
We're people.
We're not supposed to be perfect.
I'm defective.
I don't belong here.
Yes, you do.
How about staying for dinner?
We'll do a real barbecue.
I'll teach you everything I know.
With each greasy, sloppy bite we took,
we moved further away from perfection.
And so did Inspector 34,
who decided he was going to give imperfection his best shot.
Maybe that would mean that now-and-man a pair of underpants
would make it to Wellsville with twisted elastic
or crooked seams.
But then again, maybe that wouldn't be so bad.
Playtime with the Rugrats is cute, loveable smiles
and little giggles as they scurry about the yard.
But playtime isn't just playful.
It's shocking greed.
Mine, Prudder.
So remember the next time you see a cute, cuddly Rugrat.
Think again, the Rugrats every weekday only on Nick.
Watch me get fridge pebbles.
Don't watch us.
My coca-roquies are the chocolatier cereal ever.
More chocolaty than my coca-pebbles?
Ah, prove it.
Time to rock and roll post-coca-pebble cereal
out of this complete breakfast.
I'm hiding in my coca-pebbles.
So Barbie won't get them.
But kids, you can use this free ink stamp to tell me where they are.
Wow.
Three ink stamps inside box boxes of pebbles.
Super Tom Barbie.
She'll talk you into the most fun ever.
I'd love to go dancing with Ken tonight.
Let's get ice cream with our new friends.
She could talk all day.
I know.
It'll be fun to drive to the beach.
Yeah.
It would be great to go to the rock.
Cool.
Let's get together and watch videos.
Super Tom Barbie has so many fun ideas.
Cool.
Super Tom Barbie doll says 100,000 things.
Friend calls and car not included.
Mouse trouble? Then you need mouse trap.
Just turn the crank and snap the plank
and boot the mob right down the chute.
Now watch it roll and hit the pole
and knock the ball in the rubbered-up toggle-tip plan.
In the pan, the trap is set. Here comes the net.
Mouse trap. It's the craziest thing you'll ever see.
Super Max 500 air power.
Shoot starts with dead eye accuracy.
And blasts targets from long range.
But sometimes a single shot won't do it.
Luckily, the Super Max 1000 rapid-fires six darts.
Super Max definitely evens the score.
The Super Max 500 and 1000 from Super Soaker.
Also the system 2000 each sold separately.
Aliens vs. Predator.
Clan leader, king of the Predators,
battles with whipping dreadlocks
and stalker glowing in the dark fires his spear.
Suddenly, flipping up his spikes,
the new wild boar alien attacks each sold separately.
Who will survive? Aliens vs. Predator.
Does school get you down?
Is your family driving you crazy?
Are you trying to hide a motorcycle in your room?
Don't panic.
Clarissa will explain it all to you every weekday.
Get some sound advice from a girl
who has an explanation for everything.
I suggest brushing your hair while bouncing up and down
to wake up those brains, though.
Nickelodeon gives you back-to-back episodes of Clarissa
every Monday through Friday, so don't panic.
Just sit back and relax as Clarissa explains it all
at 5-4 Central.
Now, every weekday, only on Nickelodeon.
Old history.
Home into the skeletal remains
of the mightiest creatures
that ever walked the face of the earth.
The great beast known as
Dinosaur.
Wow, Ren.
Look how big it is.
Come on.
I'll raise you to the top.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, Ren. Stop.
We could get in trouble.
Whee!
Yahoo!
Oh, that girly.
That ain't no diving board.
Now get down from there.
Scaring the nuns.
Jiggers!
You wait right there.
I'll be down in a jiffy.
Whoa!
Wow!
Yeah.
Now look what I made you do.
You made a mess of old Johnny here.
Yeet!
Crack nabbit.
Now you did scare the nuns.
Hmm.
So, you boys like dinosaurs, do you?
Uh-huh.
Well then, you came to the right place.
Wilbur H. Cobb, dinosaur guide at your service.
And this is the largest of all dinosaurs.
The Stimpy Saurus.
The stupidest creature that ever lived.
Hey!
You told me you were the stupidest one ever.
You hand it over.
Yes, sir.
That old Stimpy Saurus was a giant among giants.
An asshole among mermaids.
Excuse me a sec.
He's gorgeous hot in here.
Now where was I?
Oh yeah.
Now you can't tell the story of the Stimpy Saurus
without going back.
Way back.
Back!
Way back to when the earth was in its infancy.
Still in diapers.
It was a hot world.
It was a wet world.
It was a hot, wet world.
Now back then, life was just single-celled organisms.
Each with their own unique method of stimulating reproduction.
Yes, it may seem cruel, such is nature's way.
But as the saying goes, if you want to make a cake,
you gotta bust a few heads.
Yep.
Life was about to venture into the unknown
and take to land.
Ooh.
Ah.
That's when the slimy seascum
took its first steps out of the water.
It started the quest for air.
The quest for a curled-up little guppy to stand up.
Up to that point, life had been an evolutionary crap-shoot.
But my sheer happenstance
against all odds, a miracle occurred.
A lonely, stumpy fish bravely took to land.
This was the single most important evolutionary event to date.
What a dope.
But old pappy nature is a persistent cuss
and wasn't about to give up that easy.
What do you know? He made it.
Fustal records show that this specimen was an evolutionary dead end.
I tell you, it would have hurt a lot less to jump in that tarpid
instead of getting hit by a bus.
I'll tell you that.
Relicers.
That's a load of crap.
There weren't buses in those days.
Crap! Were you there?
Were you?
Can't be a young punk, young wiperdolls?
No buses, huh? What do you call that?
Now, where was I?
Oh, yeah.
In time, nature flourished.
The world was so rich with fauna and flora of all types.
Life was good.
Life was hard.
Life was a constant battle.
And in this battle, one beast rained supreme.
One beast! The stem piece saws.
His roar set echoes of fear throughout the land.
Happy, happy. Die yoy yoy.
This creature actually had a hand in nurturing the rise of man.
It was in the Triassic period.
So named because the Stimpy Source evolved the habit of living in trees.
This behavior proved beneficial to early men in many ways.
It provided them shelter from the storm.
And it gave them fire.
Yes, friend to mankind.
Always nice to his mother.
Never rude a bad check.
This majestic mountain of might ruled over all he surveyed.
But alas, this creature too fell victim to the insidious tarpits.
And that's all she wrote.
She ain't really good.
Heck of a nice guy.
A wife named Mildred is a sturdy woman.
Well, then how did the other dinosaurs become extinct?
Now that's a very good question, Funky.
There are many theories about how that came to pass.
Some say it was the coming of the Ice Age.
Others think it was a comet.
That killed the dinosaurs.
While some mothers claim they ran out of food.
But I'll let you in on a little secret.
Just between you, me, and the chiggers.
I know what really killed the dinosaurs.
TV.
Too much dead brain TV.
Turned them into a lot of, you know, a bunch of slag-jawed zombies.
Then they all drank out of a dirty dog dish.
Excuse me, Herbert.
Oh, no.
No, sorry.
It was cause they all moved to Jersey.
That's it.
Haircuts.
They all got bad haircuts.
No.
They thought they were Superman and jumped off a building.
Ran around with scissors in their hands.
And then poked their eyes out with grapefruit spoons.
Antelope's foot.
No.
Hemorrhoids.
Really bad hemorrhoids.
Oh, oh, I know.
They sneezed, coughed, and bounced at the same time.
And all exploded.
It'll all be over soon, pal.
Well, it was a Peruvian bus plug.
Yeah.
And they all had to eat each other to survive.
That's what happened.
Superheated gases shrunk their lungs to the size of ravens.
And the kid on the top bunk died.
Hold it.
Don't listen to this guy, kids.
He ain't nothing but a lowly bone polisher around here.
Back to polishing, Cub.
No, no.
No, it was me.
I killed the dinosaurs.
Me, I did it.
With my bare hands.
The mighty cover sorceress.
I ran him over with my truck.
Gee.
What a funny man, Ren.
And he was so smart, too.
There.
Who needs to hear from him when you have me,
a perfect specimen of evolutionary progress?
Now, come on, Stimpy.
I'm hungry.
Let's go get a taco.
Right back on Snare.
Tommy, Chuckie, and the rest of the Rugrats
are busting out of their plate beds.
So catch them on the only network for you.
Nickelodeon.
Supermax 500 air power.
Shoot starts with dead eye accuracy.
And blasts targets from long range.
But sometimes a single shot won't do it.
Luckily, the Supermax 1000 rapid fires six darts.
Supermax definitely evens the score.
The Supermax 500 and 1000 from Super Soaker.
Also the system 2000 each sold separately.
The greedy pirates came looking for the Islander's treasure.
But what they found was a maniac.
Legomaniac!
Only a Legomaniac could turn nasty pirates into lunch.
Legomania!
The Lego System Islander's collection
each set sold separately.
Maniac not included.
Crotch is only available for a limited time.
Okay, kid, get out there and remember you're a tiger, kid!
A tiger!
It's the gym.
Now he's running.
How you feeling, kid?
Good, good.
That's usually your head.
Strategy.
You're a genius kid.
A real professor.
You're an animal, kid.
A bum!
Don't worry, kid.
It'll heal.
No super punch-out.
Only for Super N.E.S.
Get smart.
Or get not stupid.
Only 12 guys to go.
You're the king, I tell you.
They're unsightly.
They're terrifying.
They're Nickelodeon's newest Nicktoon.
Real monsters.
And they're joining the rest of the Nicktoons
every Sunday morning.
Morning, Brad.
They're a little unusual.
I love being smelly.
But they should fit in just fine.
Real monsters will be here every Sunday morning
at 11.10.Central only on Nick-
Lodeon.
Do you believe in...
Magic?
Have you ever experienced the supernatural?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
If so, then join us for the midnight sighting.
For the scariest tales.
And bone-chilling stories.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Tonight only on Nick.
You're not alone.
Now, back to Ren and Stimpy.
I've lost the house control against you decent.
Is the young is done with a chores hit, you all?
Do we have young and saddener?
How's about little Effie soon?
Hmm...
Nope.
She done got it up by the pigs.
What about Abba and the evening?
Nope.
They got it up by the thresher.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, gooey cletus and cheesy may?
No, we hung them yesterday.
Oh!
Yeah!
Hey!
Who we gonna get to do the chores now?
I got it! Let's us buy some new units.
Yeah! We can order them out in this here comical book!
Can you read a comical book?
Not a word!
Me neither!
Lookie-poo!
Hey, Walt.
Look, it would come in the mail.
Uh, de-hy-de-hy-d-ray.
De-hy-d-ray.
Uh...
Tamaki!
Here you are, Walt. Have a gnaw!
This here is some white fun gnaw, Abna.
Time to spat!
Mama! Papa!
Congratulations!
You needn't suffer from unproductive loins any longer.
What is we who are your children?
Well, and we eat.
God, Abner!
Them zuggliest youngins ever I did see!
Ha-ha-ha!
Nothing a few trips to the thresher won't fix.
Now you youngins quit your lullagaggin'
and get to doing your chores!
You misunderstand.
We're here for the kids' stuff.
You know, you take us to a movie,
like that, chores indeed.
Why don't you boys mosey over to the hen house
and get us some eggs?
Pinchin' our eggs and takin' all the credit!
Easter Bunny? Ha-ha-ha.
I see you're confusing me,
because I get long ears.
I cotton-tailed rodent!
Political stooge!
Jelly beater!
Better start hoppin' down that bunny trail, rot!
Now, see here, ladies!
I came here to get eggs, and get eggs I will!
Rabbit! Look at him run!
Ahem!
Buck-buck-buck! Oh, whoa, it's me!
I am a chicken without an egg!
Oh, what will I do? Buck-buck-buck!
Uh, pardon me.
Could you help a fellow chicken who is down on his lock?
He simply must do something!
Of course we'll help!
Oh-ho-ho-ho, boy!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ah, my little pheasant!
Why must we kid ourselves any longer?
Dash it all! I love you!
Oh-ho-ho-no! Thanks!
And of course, since we chickens have no teeth
with which to chew our food,
you'll need to swallow this nice heaping
handful of gravel to break it up.
Allow me.
Howdy, Ren! Whatcha doin'?
Chewing!
Oh, boys, steampie, finally we get to eat!
Come and get it!
Cow-pot pies and prairie oysters!
Y'all begin!
Hold it for shame!
Look at your teeth!
They're all white and pearly!
Don't you know that teeth are a source of disease?
What if the neighbors saw?
But don't you boys fret none?
I'll have them pesky buggers out in no time!
Hey, you can't use that instrument on them youngins!
It aren't sterile!
Oh, yeah! Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Well, Ewalt, now you can finish that necklace you started.
Well, we've slapped the pigs.
What do we do next?
Why don't y'all go on over to the barn and milk bossy
and change the horse's litter?
Litter!
Cow milk bossy.
Oh, well, at least cows are harmless.
Oh, Miss Bossy, ma'am.
May I have some of your...
Milk?
Hey, steampie, I think the gorilla wants you to milk her.
Sure, Ren! We'll trade jobs.
Thanks.
Hey, Ren, I like my job.
How about you?
No, sir. I don't like it.
Steampie, can you feel it?
They're here, all around us,
watching burning holes in me with their eyes.
Shh! Easy, Ren.
You're talking crazy talk.
Me crazy? What about them?
First, they're pigs.
Next thing you know, they'll probably dress up like scarecrow.
Howdy.
You boys better get over and clean that outhouse now.
Be careful down there.
Abner's been kinda sick lately.
No!
Do them boys strike you as strange, Ewald?
Hmm. I think I'll see what you mean.
Hoop!
Hee hee hee hee!
Hee hee hee hee hee!
This is awful!
But at least we know it can't get any worse.
Youngins is a great gift, ain't they, Ewald?
Ewald! It's four o'clock! Time for the daily!
for the daily. Tornado! Tornado! Must seek shelter!
Shelter? What shelter?
It's okay, Ren. The tornado is gone now.
Gone? Oh, gone. The fibers. The chickens. Gone forever.
We're alone now. The only survivors. Everyone in the whole world
swept away by the horrible winds. And now, we're all in the home.
In the desert. Ruined.
Do you hear me? Alone! Alone!
Baby, we're not alone! Someone up there likes us.
Just fate has a way of putting you in the right place at just the right time.
Technic collection. Each set's owned separately. Battery's not included.
If kids like me ran the world, I'd win the McWorld Sweepstakes.
Every time. That way, I'd always be getting cool prizes.
Cool. Cool. And going on awesome trips.
I don't care.
In the McWorld's Sony Sweepstakes, you'll get a ton of Sony stuff.
A show of radio. Sorry, Dad.
You take to 13, can write in or enter free at McDonald's.
Runners up in CD boom boxes. Many will enter, if you will.
32-inch trinitrol. Cool. Where are you going to sleep?
I have no idea. Take two things you'd like.
Say the pool? In a very cool room.
Climbing together? Bonus.
Now there's a taste that has it all together, too.
Introducing Eggos Cinnamon Toast Waffles.
Cinnamon Toast and Waffles together. Bonus.
Money! Three for the box that the honeycomb makes.
Say a box of honey...
It's a complete breakfast for the honeycomb.
So what's new from Honeycomb?
Honey Bucks. And they're inside these specially marked boxes.
You can use them to get $3 of a Coosh Pot-A-Pot set.
And a box 50 of a Coosh Vortex Tower.
Hey, it's my Coosh.
Coosh. Honey Bucks. Coupons.
It's like extra cash in your pocket.
It's the ultimate challenge. Crossfire!
Crossfire! You get caught up in the crossfire!
Crossfire! Crossfire! Crossfire!
You'll get caught up in it!
Hop in. We're going out for lunch.
Where?
Barbie, McDonald's customer. It's been cheeseburger spread.
The Barbie McDonald's restaurant play set with drawing crew that really talks.
You put it together, dolls and car not included.
The guy...
I'll 200 pounds heavier than me!
I'm not hurting him.
I know. Just...
What are you doing?
I want everyone to be real quiet.
Hello.
Everyone's subtle.
And just listen.
What are we listening for?
Silence.
Total silence.
That's impossible.
Absolute silence doesn't exist.
Yeah, there's always something making noise.
Exactly.
So when grown-ups say they want it quiet,
there's no way.
Because there's no such thing.
I'll remember that.
But what if there could be total silence?
What if you could stop every sound,
every buzz, every breath?
He couldn't.
Where there's life, there's sound.
Say that another way.
You take away sound.
And you take away life.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story the tale of the quiet librarian.
Don't lag behind there, children.
Come along, children.
Pay attention and we're off to the children's library.
Where I hope you'll spend many hours.
Here are some of our librarians going all the way there.
Hello, everybody.
For your history project, I've assigned teams.
Check this list for your partner.
I got Barry Evans.
Who'd you get?
I'm with Jace Elman.
Ooh, Jace the face, lucky you, not.
What's wrong with Jace?
I think he's kind of cute.
Yeah, he thinks so too.
He's way conceded, Lori.
He's not.
Trust me, if his head got any bigger,
they'd put him in a parade.
Lori, the icicle nick.
Sorry, Jace.
Lori's okay.
Come on, her head's got too many points.
If it were any bigger, they'd put her in a parade.
Check this out.
My name is Lori Nathan.
I'm a beauty, but that's okay because I'm way smaller than you.
Oh, uh, hi.
We're just talking about me.
I heard.
So, uh, looks like we're gonna be working together.
Wow, I feel so privileged.
I tell you, the icicle.
Jace, Jace, Elman.
Don't go too far.
Cute, huh?
Shh.
We need these books from downstairs.
It's not too much trouble.
I know how busy you are.
I'm just trying to get you to lighten up.
Don't bother.
Get the books.
Why don't you get them?
Because I'm already doing all the work.
Because you won't let me do anything.
Because maybe I don't want to funk.
Let's flip for it.
Heads I go, tails you go.
Oh, come on.
Live dangerously, all right?
Two out of three.
Goodbye.
Chilly.
Very chilly.
Hello?
May I help you look for something?
Uh, no thanks.
It's about time.
Did you find?
I didn't know you wore glasses.
Uh, I don't.
Usually.
Why are you so jumpy?
I'm not jumpy.
What do we do now?
I do research.
You sit there and don't bother me.
Do you mind?
Why are you treating me like a kid?
Because you're acting like one.
I'm out of here.
I can't take my books.
They're not your books.
I need them to write my report.
Our report.
Look, this team thing isn't going to work.
Give me the books and I'll write the report for both of us.
Maybe I should write.
Well, one of us has to because we sure can't do it together.
Fine.
I didn't want to work on a team anyway.
Oh, no.
Why would I have it?
I gave it to you at the library yesterday.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I must have left it in the basement.
Are you serious?
I need those notes for the paper.
Go get it.
Hey, I got practice.
You want to write the paper, you get it.
But you left it there.
That's because I'm not as smart as you are.
I forget things.
I act like a kid.
All right, all right, we'll both go.
You got to show me where you left it.
I told you, I got practice.
Chase, I got to write that paper tonight.
All right.
I'll meet you there later.
I can't get there till seven.
I'll see you at seven.
Fine.
Hey, Laurie, you really got to lighten up.
Why didn't you check the closing time?
Hey, you said seven o'clock, not me.
I'm gonna flunk.
I've never flunked anything in my life.
No, you didn't do too hot in the teamwork department, remember?
There's nothing else we can do except maybe I can open one of those windows.
You can't be serious.
That's like illegal.
You got a better idea?
Chase, don't.
It's okay.
I forgot the notebook.
I'll get it.
You don't have to.
Sure I do.
I don't want to be responsible for the one and only time you ever flunked.
Doesn't matter anyway.
We're out of luck.
Papers due tomorrow.
I can't write it without those books.
You're a genius.
Can't you just make it up or something?
You really think on some kind of computer, don't you?
I must loosen it up.
It's weird in here at night.
Why'd you do that?
What happened to the copy machine?
It used to be right there.
Yeah.
All the computers go.
And the VCR.
Yeah.
What was that?
The radiator, I think.
What's the point?
You have to get my notebook.
Right.
That's an basement.
Why'd you leave it?
Over there, I think.
But everything's different.
What do you mean?
It wasn't like this yesterday.
There were a lot more books.
And that room wasn't there.
Look at this.
1910.
This gotta be so phony antique.
Maybe we shouldn't mess with it.
Come on.
Live dangerously.
Put the dark after this.
This holiday season Santa fell off the roof.
You're...
You put on this.
Better I look.
Nice.
Now you're Santa, okay?
You want Disney Pictures presents?
The biggest thing to hit Christmas
since fruit cake.
Tim Allis.
I've gained 45 pounds in a week.
The Santa Claus.
Post down there.
Graded PG.
Starts Friday, November 11th.
Spawn is America's number one comic book, thanks to you.
So I started this company and made the toys that you asked for.
I hear the competition's flying around.
There could be any place.
They're cool.
Awesome.
Trevor.
Overkill.
It evil spawn.
They're cool comics.
Nice toys, kids.
Nice try, guys.
Tom Todd toys.
We're out to plaster the competition.
Watch me get fridge pebbles.
Stop watching us.
My cocoa Rockies are the chocolatey of cereal ever.
More chocolatey than my cocoa pebbles?
Prove it.
Chocolatey.
Time to rock and roll.
Post cocoa pebble cereal out of this complete breakfast.
I'm hiding my pebbles so Bonnie won't get them.
But kids, you can use this free ink stamp to tell me where they are.
Wow.
Free ink stamp inside box boxes of pebbles.
I'm designing the perfect bike.
It's tall and it looks like a Harley Davidson.
Awesome.
I could really get into this.
It's about taking places you've never been before.
Watch out.
It's coming back.
We now return to Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Ew.
Let's get out of here.
It's Mrs. Hurley.
Mr.
No talking in the library.
That's not Mrs. Hurley.
There's room for two more.
Who are you?
Who was that?
What happened to your voice?
Come on.
Try the others.
Looking forward.
They're gone.
It's a fire alarm.
It's gone too.
Everything modern is gone.
Jace, what is going on?
It's doing in here.
How did you get in?
Well, I'm there.
I ought to call this in.
You kids stay put.
Whoever they were, I think they're free now.
But they're never going to believe us, are they?
I'm not sure I'll believe us.
You know, maybe we're not such a bad team after all.
Is this anybody's?
My notebook.
Your kids can go now if they need you a call.
You still have to write the paper.
We?
Come on.
Let's live dangerously.
Yeah, I never knew silence could be so creepy.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Speaking of libraries, I have some books I have to return.
Does anyone want to keep me company?
But it's way past closing.
I was going to chop them in the night slot.
Who's with me?
I gotta go.
Yeah.
Go and look at the time.
See you guys next time.
Hasta la vista.
Tucker.
Bye.
Come on.
Just leave me at the clock.
Back in just 166 hours uncounted.
I'll wrap this here.